add more info about flaresolverr value being connection_timeout (#743)
jbsparrow/CyberDropDownloader: docs/reference/configuration-options/global-settings/rate-limiting-options.md

| ------------- | ------- |
| `PositiveInt` | `15`    |

> The number of seconds to wait while connecting to a website before timing out
> ```
> If you have flaresolverr enabled this is the max number seconds for each capcha challege
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of seconds to wait while connecting to a website before timing out

{% hint style="info" %} This value will also be used for Flaresolverr (if enabled) as the max number of seconds to solve a CAPTCHA challenge {% endhint %}
```
